Please respond to Chris Germany@enron.com	Reply to Chris at Germany@enron.com
Please take a look at this and give me a call.	Examine this and call SENDER
Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.	Complete survey
Please review and send comments to Mollie Lampi mlampi@nyiso.com by 10:00 AM Friday morning 12/1 .	Review filing with the FERC and send coments to Mollie Lampi
Please make review and if you have any modifications, please get with John as soon as possible.	Review Alberta PPA presentation
And lastly, can you put me on cc: list for Wellesley info.	Put SENDER on cc list for Wellesley
To view the Group members, please open the ECT Address book, click on Groups, then double-click on the name of the group.	Open ECT Address Book
I realize we are dealing with numerous cuts and renoms during the day, but if at all possible, please try to attend.	Attend meeting about responsibilities in maintaining the Kerr McGee tickets in Sitara
Please insert appropriate Seller's Payment if minus 018 is used in Contract Price and if Customer is the Seller.	Insert appropriate Seller's Payment
Can you take a look?	Look at definition for diesel index
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Greetings Diane: Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy.	Check work phone for Joseph Brophy
Please call me or Tracy Cummins at 713-8566-525 with any questions.	Call SENDER or Tracy Cummins at 713-8566-525
Give me a call.	Call SENDER about March Aeco product
Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.	Supply Portland at their system
Can you meet with us tomorrow?	Meet with SENDER tomorrow
Please create today the September GDD/IF swap and the september Gas Daily Henry Hub swap.	Create swaps today
Please run the minibook requested below and forward to Ellen.	Run minibook and forward to Ellen
Please scroll down	Scroll down
give me a call on my cell and we can meet up there.	Call SENDER
Please include Rey in your quest for closure.	Include Rey in quest for closure
Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and out that day.	Coordinate with Lew about SENDER's dinner
Could you please approve HSC Basis for Oct?	Approve HSC Basis for Oct
Please update your personal GIS file by FRIDAY, MARCH 31.	Update personal GIS file
Please call me so we can staighten out the deal or you can call Laura Scott in Canada and argue your point.	Call SENDER
Please inform me on this.........	Inform SENDER of this
Please review the instructions attached to each PSA.	Review instructions 
Please forward your copy of GTAnet to anyone you think might find the issue useful.	Forward copy of GTAnet to anyone who might find the issue useful
Can you please forward me the cost centre to which this FedEx bill should be charged to.	Forward cost centre to SENDER
Dee, could you please forward to Steve Van Hooser our usual checklist on employee matters for diligence purposes?	Forward this to Steve Van Hooser
Could you spare a few moments to look over the attached three-page Power Point presentation?	Review Power Point presentation
Check out the site - http://enron.referrals.com/promo.asp - let us know what you think -- we want to hear from you.	Check out http://enron.referrals.com/promo.asp
You can either call me on my cell or have Jeanie walk list across.	Call SENDER
I am interested in the crib , please give me a call.	Call SENDER about crib
I asked Keegan to get Kate Cole's signatures for the Consent Form so please follow up to get that form from Keegan.	Get Conset Form from Keegan
Call me to discuss these issues.	Call SENDER
Rob, please follow up with Dorie she will handle the process for you.	Follow up with Dorie
Please send the current DRAFT to the User's Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions to my attention.	Send current DRAFT to SENDER
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	Review notice and disclaimer
As you are probably aware, we have experienced difficulty reaching the radio stations in the past so please call one of the numbers listed above if you don't hear an announcement on the radio.	Call 3987-000 , 3987-200 or 3987-700
shoot me back an email when you get a chance.	Email SENDER
If the changes are acceptable, please print out two originals for execution by ENA and overnight to me for execution by Cinergy.	Print originals and overnight them to SENDER
Ina: Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners in regards to what we discussed this week	Schedule meeting with SENDER and assistants
Give me a call because I really want this to happen.	Call SENDER
Doug: Please talk with Mark Taylor on who should handle this in our group as given my situation, I will probably not be able to take this on.	Talk with Mark Taylor
Could you give me a brief description of what this is?	Describe this for SENDER
Please replace the current section 5.4 in the Calpine O&M with the attached.	Replace current section with the attached
Please respond to her and copy me if via email with your response to the proposed changes.	Reply to Carol St. Clair and copy SENDER
Kay, please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention.	Get this in hard copy from Jordan
If you could also please copy Brian and myself with that e-mail so each of us have the most recent versions for when we revisit the structure next week.	Copy Brian and SENDER on email
Please see the latest revision to the proposed MOU.	Examine latest revision to proposed MOU
Please tell him to clarify which cp with the broker as the trade is being done.	Tell Tom to clarify the cp
Please respond to a jimenezcrespo@mailcity.com	Reply to jimenezcrespo@mailcity.com
However, PADI and the diving industry do need your help in another way.	Helo PADI and driving industry
Please respond to korydegan4034@publicist.com	Reply to korydegan4034@publicist.com
Please, register me for this.	Register SENDER for this
Can you please handle and ensure this is processed today.	Ensure this is processed today
Ben/Fred/Rebecca, could you please prepare a draft of the two exhibits?	Prepare draft of exhibits
When you distribute your respective weekly/monthly reports O&M, Capex, P&L , could you please forward them to Jinsung Myung and Ben Rogers, so that they can generate the weekly report that I have been generating while I am gone.	Forward reports to Jinsung Myung and Ben Rogers
Please re-issue today.	Reissue this today
Pls coordinate a vacation schedule planner for me for all of the staff from now until the end of the year including Jan .	Coordinate a vacation schedule planner
Please follow the steps to reset and synchronize your passwords.	Follow steps to reset password
If you are interested in learning more about the Hedge Fund industry and how to get into the profession, what is the career path for someone in this field, please plan on attending this incite full presentation.	Attend presentation
Please call Richard Sage to find out if there are particular names we should use for the various officers or whether they are simply the same as for ENA.	Call Richard Sage
Please respond to freephonecalls@postaweb.com	Reply to freephonecalls@postaweb.com
Can you please call Dale Onrait at 250-7122-195 and have him liquidate the Canadian positions and tell him you would like the proceeds and the Candian cash to be converted to US dollars and transfered to RBC Dain Rauscher.	Call Dale Onrait at 250-7122-195
Please follow up with this.	Follow up with this
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Can you check into this and see what happened?	Investigate this deal
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions?	Offer weather data information to SENDER
Please indicate your preferences on this form and return it to me by e-mail or by fax or please feel free to call .	Indicate preferences on form
1999. Please update your records.	Update your records
Take a look at the e-mail below and see if we can suport them.	Examine e-mail below
Effective 3/1/2000, please increase our nom to 60,000 MMBtu per day into Eastrans.	Increase nom to 60,000 MMBtu
If you would like to identify yourself, please submit your name and phone number with your letter or message.	Submit name and phone number
Would you please get the necessary information to Susan Wimberly so that we can get this straightened out in PEP and in the GCS as soon as possible?	Send necessary information to Susan Wimberly
PLEASE CALL 973-3760-005 ask for Order Dept.www.winelibrary.com or e-mail us at swl@winelibrary.com 1.	Call 973-3760-005
Maureen please check my calendar	Check SENDER's calendar
I think you are pretty busy over the next few days--please respond as your schedule allows.	Reply to SENDER
If you would like to see the form of this label or have other questions, please email Heather at hmathis@enron.com or call her at 713-8539-006 .	Contact Heather at hmathis@enron.com
Could you put together a list of all the Enron Corp employees who have Enron non-Dell equipment at home.	Compile list of employees who have Enron non-Dell equipment at home
Susan: would you please respond to this trader?	Reply to this trader
Mary, Could you please prepare the form of CA for these entities.	Prepare form of CA
Please review for possible signing by Steve Harris on today.	Review SW Gas Proposals for signing today
Please make comments and send back.	Send comments on pitch book to SENDER
Please ensure you and Daren have met prior to the meeting, and you are prepared to represent this functional area.	Meet with Daren and prepare to represent this functional area
So please double check with Vince on this.	Check this with Vince
PLEASE FORWARD TO ANYONE APPROPRIATE:	Forward this to anyone appropriate
Please provide comments to the project director Amy Jaffe or the task force chair Ed Morse.	Provide comments to Amy Jaffe or Ed Morse
Please email me with requests for central deals.	Email SENDER requests for central deals
Also, please let Russell Diamond know when this is sent out and whether we get their faxed signature back.	Inform Russel and Diamond when Spot Confirm is sent out
Susan: Please change the signature block as set forth below and I'll review.	Change signature block
Please call me when you have a chance.	Call SENDER
Could you please give me access to the west desk info.	Give access to west desk info to SENDER
If you have any questions, please call the Development Center Team at 713-8530-357 .	Call the Development Center Team at 713-8530-357
Please review and if acceptable you can forward to Devon for review.	Review Confirm and GTC
Can you e-mail to me the new Canadian Annex?	Send Canadian Annex to SENDER
Consequently, PLEASE RETAIN any and all documents, including all drafts, electronic documents, and email, that relate in any fashion to the 8K filing.	Retain all documents about filing
Email me when you get in.	Email SENDER
Please confirm your attendance at this meeting.	Confirm attendance at The Enron Wholesale Markets Quarterly Legal Review for Power Trading
Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John Chismar respectively.	Coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John Chismar
Please open the document.	Open document 
Please review and let's discuss further before forward by to Cascade.	Review Cascade Documents
Check out the latest version of Enron Business Online at home.enron.com.	See latest version of Enron Business Online 
Please review and let me know if it makes sense, and then I will send you, Scott, Richard Park, and Tom Swank.	Review this
Kate, Richter please check 506503.01 Enron Sells SCEM/Mirant 	Check 506503.01 Enron Sells 
Please follow up on this.	Follow up on this
Per my voice mail, please respond about RMT vs. ENA.	Reply to SENDER about RMT vs. ENA
I am preparing for the final signoff phase on the graphics and practice questions and I need your help finalizing the scenarios that we talked about two weeks ago for Futures and Options.	Help finalize scenarios for Futures and Options
Please plan to have the gas rerouted back down the valley line for the Dec 1 forward.	Plan to have gas rerouted back down the valley
Please email everyone with the end date when you find out.	Email everyone with end date
If you made an update during this period, please return to eHRonline and review your information particularly for the following four categories: Banking information for direct deposit Tax W-4 information Home address Emergency contact	Review your information on eHRonline
Please print the messages below.	Print the messages
Andy - can you please forward this email to your book person to change these attached deals from ENA- PGL to ENA - and the actual counterparty.	Forward email to book person to change deals
Please send a credit worksheet for financial trading and we can deliver a draft ISDA to the lawyer per Stewart's instructions.	Send a credit worksheet to SENDER
Please call Ben Jacoby to get things going.	Call Ben Jacoby
Paul, please provide the dollar amount needed in the blank below.	Provide dollar amountn in email
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Please call me at 713-8533-399 or Bob at 713-8530-397 if you have any comments or questions.	Call SENDER at 713-8533-399
Jeff Gossett is adamant about getting the financial liquidation variances cleared before next month and we really need your help resolving these.	Help resolve variances.
If you need further assistance with your ID or password, please contact the ISC Call Center at 713-3454-727 .	Call ISC Call Center at 713-3454-727 
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy Trading & Marketing.	Review attached letter
Could you please respond as soon as possible to this email or directly to Bonnie White if you know of any reason why ENA should not go forward with filing this suit.	Reply to SENDER
Please include the transactions by desk sheets?	Include transactionns by desk sheets
As you are probably aware, we have experienced difficulty reaching the radio stations in the past so please call one of the numbers listed above if you don't hear an announcement on the radio.	Call 3987-000, 3987-200 or 3987-700
Please distribute this memorandum to others involved in the confirmation process, as appropriate, and feel free to call me at X34718 if you have any questions or comments.	Distribute memorandum to others involved
Please call me to discuss.	Call SENDER
Please review and provide your thoughts.	Review draft of 20/20 Term Sheet
Can you please make this change for me.	Change this for SENDER
Please notify us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.	Notify SENDER by reply e-mail
Please contact the ISC Call Center at 713-3454-727 .	Call ISC Call Center at 713-3454-727 
If you are not an intended recipient of this message, please do not read, copy or disclose the contents of this communication to others and please notify the sender at 713-2077-414 .	Do not read contents of this commuication
Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month.	Check on kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin
Please, put on my schedule and confirm.	Put this on SENDER's schedule
Please call the upstream DETM OR CORAL to confirm that the schedule is being filled each hour.	Call upstream DETM OR CORAL
Can you update me?	Update SENDER on trades
Mark, Please send me the March Risk numbers.	Send March Risk numbers to SENDER
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.	Put 2000 ENA Management Offsite on calendar
Tim, it is all yours please communicate ASAP to Jana Jovanni in the A&A program.	Communicate with Jana Jovanni
Please, check the logic of my modifications I hope I copied all the formulas correctly .	Check logic of modifications
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW 	Reiview notice and disclaimer
Kay: Please forward an executed copy of CO#2 so we can continue issuing Change Orders.	Forward a copy of CO#2 to SENDER
Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.	Supply Portland at their system
Please print all three documents for your hard copies.	Print documents of interview packet
If at all possible will you please have the first draft of this document completed this Friday, May 19th.	Complete first draft by Friday, May 19th
Could you do this again for me please.	Do this again
Please respond to Chris Strickland chris@lacimagroup.com	Reply to Chris Strickland at chris@lacimagroup.com
Should it be the case that you require continued delivery from, and Online access to, PIRA's services, please respond to this email or contact Jeff Steele at 212-6866-808 , or jsteele@pira.com.	Contact Jeff Steele at 212-6866-808
It's called Unsung Hero and I know we all have one of those in our lives.. check this out and see what they have to offer.	Look at Unsung Hero
If you have any questions about the work schedules or anything thing else, give me a call.	Call SENDER about work schedules
Review the space plans and give your comments	Review space plans
If acceptable in your view, please proceed with execution.	Execute it
Please review the following ticketed itinerary	Review ticked itinerary
Could you please resend it?	Send email to SENDER
Mark: Please verify for me that you told Susan F. that Samantha would be responsible for the brokerage accounts when she joins us.	Verify Susan F. knows Samantha is responsible for brokerage accounts
Could just send me a quick e-mail, and copy Bill Williams III real time manager , when you change deals under the Short Term West Hourly desk?	Copy Bill Willaims III on email to SENDER
Please provide these three charts and any changes you might have by Friday, 9/15.	SEND charts to SENDER by Friday, 9/15
Please review the attached and give me a call.	Review attached document and call SENDER
Please coordinate with Sharon.	Coordinate with Sharon
Please approve and autoschedule.	Approve and autoschedule this
In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal support in the event you cannot wait until I return.	Contact Barbara for coordination of legal support
Please contact John Lavorato.	Contact John Lavorato
CP, please followup on the 2 email failure messages and delete.	Reply to SENDER about email failure messages
Please direct all comments to the CMR Recommendation to the Board to Byron Woertz at bwoertz@caiso.com	Send comments to CMR
Fran, could you work with Emily and find a time?	Coordinate with Emily
Please have a look at it and let me what additional changes are needed.	Review revision of Kaiser Agency Agreement
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, November 8.	Reply to SENDER
Please add Janice Moore and Shari Stack to you list and delete Lou Stoler.	Add Janice Moore and Shari Stack to list and delete Lou Stoler
Give me a call when you get a chance.	Call SENDER
Please send your comments to Joe Tambornino, tamborni@haas.berkeley.edu, by Tuesday the 5th, and we will endeavor to supply you with THE UNOFFICIAL GUIDE TO HAAS SPRING ELECTIVES by the end of the week, which shall include commentary, course descriptions, information on new professors, etc.	Send comments to Joe Tamborino at tamborni@haas.berkeley.edu by Tuesday the 5th
Please check the last couple of pages and see if I'm close.	Check pages
Give me a call.	Call SENDER
Please respond to paul rodrigue@bigfoot.com	Reply to paul at paul rodrigue@bigfoot.com
Please get me Pat Wood's phone number and post a reminder on my calendar to call him ASAP	Send Pat Woods's number to SENDER and post calendar reminder
Would you research this please?	Research this
Please take me off you distribution.	Remove SENDER from distribution
I am flying back to Portland tomorrow morning at about 9:30 arriving at 12:00 Please call me at 503-8078-959 or e-mail me w/ and update on you talks w/ CSC.	Call SENDER at 503-8078-959
If at all possible will you please have the first draft of this document completed this Friday, May 19th.	Complete first draft by Friday, May 19th
Please respond as soon as possible so that we can chack out this week.	Reply to SENDER
Jere, please forward the list of targets.	Forward lists of targets to SENDER
Please make your check payable to National MS Society, and send it to me at EB5008A at your convenience.	Send check to SENDER at EB5008A
Fran, can you sign me up for the Leadership Training on 10/31-11/02?	Sign up SENDER for Leadership Training
Please send me an electronic copy of the document provided to the city attorney on Monday.	Send copy of document provided to the city attorney to SENDER
Please verify the language in the attached document, make any necessary changes and return to me.	Verify language in attached document
Please forward things to me.	Forward things to SENDER
Please configure their access for both floors and then confirm back to us when completed.	Give every on list access to both floors
Please use 503-4642-663 to participate in all of the meetings listed below.	Participate in meetings with 503-4642-663
If in agreement, please print out two originals, have both signed and send same to my attention for final signature.	Print originals and have them signed
Please log off of your machines tonight.	Log off of machine
Please make sure this is clearly understood by the schedulers.	Ensure schedulers understand this
Will you please create a new product that reads as follows:	Create new product
Please put this on my calendar.	Put this on SENDER's calendar
Kaye: Will you please print these docs for me?	Pring docs
Please call me at 35777 with any questions.	Call SENDER at 35777
Please contact me at your earliest convenience at 713-8531-586 .	Call SENDER at 713-8531-586
Please give me a call when you return to your office.	Call SENDER
Can you please review these slight revisions and pass this back to me.	Review revisions
To send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list, just send mail to FRBNYRMAG1@PEACH.EASE.LSOFT.COM.	Email FRBNYRMAG1@PEACH.EASE.LSOFT.COM
Please, send the bio.	Send bio to SENDER
Please follow up with chris.	Follow up with chris
David Hunt drhunt@watervalley.net on 06/01/2001 05:01:40 PM Please respond to drhunt@watervalley.net To: Kay.Mann@enron.com cc:	Reply to drhunt@watervalley.net
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Please take a look to see if any changes are needed.	Examine this
4. Can you negotiate .	Negotiate
Can you just send 3 or 4 for this meeting and I will set up a secondary date for the others.	Send 3 or 4 for this meeting
Please use the following two files as your detail support for finanical liquidations:	Use files as detail support
Please call me if you would like to discuss.	Call SENDER
Please remove her from all your mail lists.	Remove Mary Hain from mail lists
Can you look into this please?	Look into this deal
Please, send me your fax # for more info.	Send fax number to SENDER
Please complete the survey by clicking on the link below by Thursday, February 8th.	Complete survey
I just want to ask you if you could send me over the mail the latest forward curves so that we use them to update our long-term plan.	Send mail from latest forward curves to SENDER
Please co-ordinate with Robert and make sure that someone sends him a nice rejection letter.	Coordinate with Robert about rejection letter
PLEASE FORWARD YOUR SHIRT SIZE TO ME S, M, L, XL, ETC. AS SOON AS POSSIBLE,	Send shirt size to SENDER
VIEW AND SHARE: View your photos in thumbnail size or larger views, share a roll, e-mail select pictures, download photos, send a photo photo postcard, or add a caption.	View photos
Call me a NX1 68 offer for the term and volumes listed.	Cal SENDER
Can you please check Sean or Dianna book because I have it checked as verballed but now they are saying it is not there deal.	Check Sean or Dianna book
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Please forward to public affairs group.	Forward this to public affairs group
Louise, will you please review at least your portion?	Review your portion
Please notify Lisa Lees when you send out the final execution copy to Talisman for signature.	Notify Lisa Lees when sending out final execution copy to Talisman
User ID: emclaug Password: emclaug Please Change	Change password
When you have a chance, please take a look at the attached.	Examine attached document
Please give me a two or three sentence summary of the trading issue and court decision thereon in Blue Range.	Send summary of trading issue and court decision to SENDER
Don please follow up to see if this product has any value to us.	Follow up with SENDER about this product
Please, ask Shirley to resubmit.	Ask Shirley to resubmit request
Mark, can you participate in the ISDA call on Friday?	Participate in ISDA call on Friday
Please activate the following long list of products:	Activate this list of products
Please coordinate public statements, interviews, and the like through the proper channels going forward.	Coordinate statements and interviews through proper channels
Please include Scott Goodell on all responses.	Include Scott Goodell on all responses
please schedule	Please schedule
can you check with bob again, because i got confirms on the deals.	Check with bob
Please send all four contracts directly to John Peyton at EB 3584B.	Send contacts to John Peyton at EB 3584B
Glenda, per our conversation on this morning, please complete the following request for the TW Commercial Group:	Complete this request
Please address Cooper's questions, or forward to the Calgary office.	Address Cooper's questions
Otherwise why don't you just call me at the room when you get to the hotel.	Call SENDER from hotel
Please send them to Peter Keohane's new assistant, Sharon Crawford.	Send copies of Canadian agreements to Sharon Crawford
Please go through this and run the sensitivities and get a good idea of way to structure thsi.	Review comments in document and run sensitivities
Please forward this on.	Forward this on
Gerald, Please comment on section 1.6 of the attached document.	Comment on section 1.6 of the document
Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com	Reply to websupport@moneynet.com
Please respond to kaplan	Reply to Kaplan
I understand that your legal department has comments to our form; if you could please send those to my attention, I would appreciate it.	Send comments from legal department to SENDER
Please make sure that your email address is at the end of the url.	Ensure email address is at the end of the url
Steve, please add Victor and myself to your email distribution.	Add SENDER and Victor to email distribution
Please review the POGO work order at N:/homedept/facility/tw/tw 2001/pogo	Review POGO work order
Could you please look through these names and let us know if you approve.	Look through these names
If you would like to stop receiving e-mail notifications when your publications are available, please reply to this message with REMOVE E-MAIL in the subject line.	Reply to unsubscribe
For time's sake since I couldn't talk to you earlier, please meet w/Shari and /or Elizabeth regarding the priority issues in the spreadsheet below.	Meet with Shari or Elizabeth
Everyone, pls forward to me ASAP your list of top customers you want invited to the Oct.	Forward top customer list to SENDER
PLEASE CONFIRM THIS .	Confirm fix to contract
Call me when your are ready and I will come by and pick it up.	Call SENDER about confirmation.
Please respond to henri@hearme.com	Reply to henri@hearme.com
please correct per your calculation	Correct it 
Please direct questions about this report to: Greg Shuttlesworth Email: greg@pira.com , Tom Howard EMail: tazh@pira.com , Richard Redash Email: Rich@pira.com , Nobu Tarui Email: nobuo@pira.com or Jane Hsu Email: jane@pira.com .	SEND questions to Greg Shuttlesworth at greg@pira.com
Please donate this money to the funds set up to help repair the lives of those Americans hurt by Enron's underhanded dealings.	Donate this money
Please get back to me with the selection.	Reply to SENDER with selection
Please forward the TEPI gty for signature.	Forward TEPI gty for signature to SENDER
Please take a look at the materials that Alan Comnes sent out earlier today so that we can discuss which charts/information should be included in Kean's materials packet.	Examine materials
Please schedule your flight to arrive to the San Francisco airport on Monday, October 16th.	Schedule flight to San Francisco
While you're waiting for the economy to rebound, take a look at some of the incredibly cheap bargains that are still available.	Look at bargains
Please insert names and other information as appropriate.	Insert names in incumbency certificates
Please call these folks and see if you can set up a meeting of the East Development team either Tuesday or Wednesday:	Call folks to set up meeting with East Development team
Just please coordinate the format with Keith.	Coordinate format with Keith
If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.	Delete this email and notify SENDER
pls print for me on Monday--thanks.	Print this on Monday
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14.	Reply to SENDER by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14.
Please review and email Michelle your comments to this paragraph.	Review paragraph and send comments to Michelle
Can you please send us your excel spreadsheets that were used for generated the graphs??	Send excel spreadsheets to SENDER
At your convenience, please review the attached.	Review the attached
Please forward back with any changes you might make.	Forward spreadsheet back to SENDER with changes
Please review and let me know if additional changes are required or recommended.	Review latest revision for Fountain Valley Project
Please bring your adapter.	Bring adapter
Please provide feedback on the employees listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide .	Provide feedback
Please acknowledge receipt.	Acknowledge receipt
Gerald, could you please verify the entities & other missing information highlighted in the document.	Verify entities in document
Please fill in where it is pertinent and monitor word count to 550.	Edit draft of Executive Letter and monitor word count
Please make sure to write El Salvador on your check.	Write El Salvador on check
Please contact him and arrange his travel.	Contact Todd Perry and arrange his travel for an interview
Kay, please forward to Max Yzaguirre.	Forward this to Max Yzaguirre
Nancy and Mike, please sign the attached and file it today, and deliver copies to those staff members who got copies of our initial filing.	Sign attached file and deliver copies to staff members
I don't know what that means could you please clarify?	Clarify Meier Graefe
Jim Coffey - Please call Zach at 1:30 PM.	Call Zach at 1:30 PM
Please respond to lgibson@ogwb.com	Reply to lgibson@ogwb.com
To discuss this action, please attend a floor meeting with Stan on Monday, January 7, from 1:30 - 2:30 in the Enron building in the area of 3922.	Attend floor meeting on Monday, January 7
In reference to these surveys, please note: If you are allocating only infrastructure costs to some commercial teams listed in the survey, please identify them.	Identify commercial teams
Take a look at the worksheet and give me a call.	Call SENDER about worksheet
In light of this, please make sure your Confirmation copy includes the GTC.	Ensure confirmation copy includes the GTC
plz respond with comments asap.	Reply with comments to SENDER
At Alan's request, please provide to me by e-mail with a cc: to Alan by Thursday of this week your suggested changes to the March 2001 Monthly Report, so that we can issue the April 2001 Monthly Report by the end of this week.	Provide suggested changes to SENDER
Also, please attend the dinner on Friday evening along with your wife if possible.	Attend dinner on Friday evening
Please remove her from all mailing lists.	Remove Mary Hain from mail lists
Please respond and tell me what you think.	Reply to SENDER about scheduling Christmas Dinner
Can you help us by interviewing him in Sydney?	Interview him in Sydney
Could you book a conference room for me on Thursday September 6th at 10am for about an hour.	Book a conference room
Please plan on attending with me' thanks	Attend this with SENDER
Employees on floors 33, 35, 44, 45, 46, and 47, please attend the floor meeting on Wednesday, February 6, from 9:30 - 10:30 near EB4712b.	Attend floor meeting on Wednesday February 6
Please forward to Ms. Bobbi.	Forward this to Ms. Bobbi
Please destroy your current card and replace it with the new wallet card upon receipt.	Destroy current card and replace
Given the fact that an ISDA has not yet been sent out, could one of you please handle this?	Handle this
Please send a package of article reprints to the attention of Joan Payne at the following address:	Send package of article reprints to Joan Payne
Haedicke, Mark E. J , please arrange for a meeting.	Arrange for a meeting
Please prepare a draft ISDA pursuant to the attached credit terms and deliver a draft to Eliot Bonner.	Prepare a draft ISDA and deliver to Eliot Bonner
Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report, which by the way is quite bebficial to us.	Add Greg halley to distribution on this report
Please review and let me know your thoughts.	Review revisions
Please take a minute to review the list and provide any bulleted information to my secretary, Joanne, at joanne.bennett@blakes.com.	Review group list for Project Stanley file
Please send to Ben Jacoby once complete.	Send slide to Ben Jacoby
Can you put pressure on New York?	Put pressure on New York
Please access the following MS Word file and update the list for any individuals whom you want to receive a Xmas card from TW.	Access MS Word file and update the list
can you help me wiht this?	Help SENDER
Please respond to nmann@erac.com	Reply to nmann@erac.com
Please respond whether we have your most updated information or if we are missing any information please update me accordingly.	Check whether information is updated
Please plan to attend.	Attend Quarterly Legal Review QLR
Daren would you look at the price for 29 and 30th of March 2000 .	Examine price for 29 and 30th of March 2000
Can you call me on this one?	Call SENDER
Please do give me a call with any comments on the documents or with any queries regarding timing.	Call SENDER with comments
Please review and act upon this request.	Respond to this request
Please review this Change Order and let me know if we can live with these warranty provisions.	Review Change Order
Thanks and please call me if you have questions, comments, etc.	Call SENDER
Please include the body of this message in any correspondence to PA Discount InkJet 050130 regarding this order.	Include body of this message in correspondences to PA Discount
Please call me if we need to discuss.	Call SENDER
Give me a call.	Call SENDER
Please email me what you find out.	Send findings to SENDER
Please post the JP MOrgan doc.	Post JP MOrgan doc.
Please remove her from all your mail lists.	Remove Mary Hain from mail lists
Please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, risk management, gas-to-electricity arbitrage, statistics or electric power trading.	Forward this to anyone who might benefit
If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.	Delete this email and notify SENDER
Please contact her to confirm.	Contact her to confirm
Please call Brian Perrone 703-5616-486 or Scott Goodell at 713-8537-711 .	Call Perrone Brian Perrone at 703-5616-486 or Scott Goodell at 713-8537-711
Please come to the Enron Lobby and ask for me or my assistant, Melinda McCarty.	Go to Enron Lobbby for SENDER
Please prepare draft ISDA's for Oakleaf Waste Management, L.L.C. and Bison	Prepare draft ISDA's
Please, call Shirley Crenshaw X3-5290 to coordinate and order sandwich you would like to have.	Coordinate with Shirley at X3-5290
Please respond no later than Monday October 29.	Reply to SENDER by Monday October 29
Please copy Joe's assistant Bernadette Hawkins with any E-mail comments.	Copy Bernadette Hawkins with E-mail comments
Can you see if this is the correct CP.	Check this for correctness
Would you let me know if this is what you're looking for?	Confirm this is correct
If anyone needs help facilitating this process please coordinate with Chris Lambie 9746-780 .	Coordinate with Chris Lambie at 9746-780
Please contact Tana Jones at X33399.	Contact Tana Jones at X33399.
Can you add Ricardo.Perez@enron.com to this distribution list?	Add Ricardo.Perez@enron.com to this distribution list
Please instruct Ms. Patel to fax Houston Exploration's executed Consent to my attention at 713-6463-490 .	Instruct Ms. Patel to fax Houston Exploration's executed Consent to SENDER at 713-6463-490
Please contact the ISC Call Center at 713-3454-727 .	Call ISC Call Center at 713-3454-727 
Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting.	Prepare presentation
Lets go ahead and take the additional coverage, I think it	Take additional coverage
So please respond now!	Respond to SENDER
Can you check on this for us, too.	Check on this.
Please look into this and let me know.	Investigate Tufco
If you have any comments or questions please call me at 713-8533-399 or Mark Taylor, V.P.	Call SENDER at 713-8533-399
For tickets please call Ryan Langan @ 503-7979-936 or e-mail @ ryan.langan@ripcity.com	Call Ryan Langan at 503-7979-936
Please have the contract signed by JER Partners, a J.E.	Have JER Partners sign contract
Note to approvers - please approve these expense reports quickly.	Approve expense reports
Please respond to khairuddinmjaafar@petronas.com.my	Reply to khairuddinmjaafar@petronas.com.my
Please respond to Darrell Duffie duffie@Stanford.EDU	Respond to Darrell Duffie at duffie@Stanford.EDU
PLEASE REVIEW THE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER BELOW	Review notice and disclaimer
Also, could you please provide the pricing on this deal?	Provide pricing pricing on this deal
Could you check this itenerary for Barry Tycholiz but make it refundable?	Check itinerary for Barry Tycholiz
Kate, take a quick look at this would you?	Examine this
As a result, will you overnight the sig pages and the incumbency certificate to Tremaine Wright?	Overnight sig pages and incumbency certificate to Tremaine Wright
Joe: I need your help regarding the above counterparties	Help SENDER regarding counterparties
TK could you update these prices for me for the Stan Presentation one more time - it's due to Tracy on Thurs ?	Update these prices
Can you send it again?	Send this message to SENDER again
If the NDA meets with your approval, please return a copy to me via fax no 713-6463-490 .	Send copy of NA to SENDER via fax
could you please forward to Scott Miller email below our short confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-compete agreement?	Forward this to Scott Miller
please schedule	Schedule this
Please forward this information, and feel free to contact me if you have any additional concerns.	Contact SENDER about additional concerns
can you look at this and let me know if it works.	Examine initial policy
Kay, Please review the attached.	Review attached
If we need to discuss this, give me a call.	Call SENDER
Please forward your schedules to me for next week.	Forward schedule to SENDER
Because of the limited amount of dial-in ports, please gather in groups and call from a land-line phone by 9:20 am CST.	Call from land-line in groups by 9:20 am CST
Also, could you please have someone deliver to me EB 3892 the insurance form that I need or fax it to me at 6463-393 .	Have someone deliver insurance form to SENDER
Please have them executed and return one of each for my files.	Exectute documents
Can you please forward the presentation to Mog.	Forward presentation to Mog
Please put this on my calendar, thanks	Put this on SENDER's calendar
Please verify if this is some other c/p's deal.	Verify this is some other c/p's deal
Please review the language in 87crfm.	Review language in 87crfm
Can you locate the EBS Inc bylaws for me?	Locate the EBS Inc bylaws
Please reference the order tracking number.	Reference order tracking number
Shanna, can you check this out with Robert Jones.	Examine contract with Robert Jones
Please contact Cathy Phillips X-36898 and let her know if you are interested in attending.	Contact Cathy about attending the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.	Review draft of the LOI
Could you email me the list of issues you have encountered thus far.	Send list of issues to SENDER
Please match the purchase deal 551027 with sales deals 376880, 380492, and 551007 on CGAS.	Match purchase deal
Could you please add Derek Baily dbailey to the TDS and sitara access list?	Add  Derek Baily to access list
Kimat, please forward to the Canadian Book Admin.	Forward deal ticket to Canadian Book Admin
Interested candidates please respond to contact information listed below job description.	Respond to contact information 
TAFFY, PLS SEND ME TWO INITIALLED EXECUTION ORIGINALS OF THIS AMENDMENT.	Send initialled originals to SENDER
Please prepare an amendment to the existing guaranties and have Enron execute a hardcopy original, delivering such copy to me at 2860b.	Amend existing guaranties and have Enron execute a hardcopy original
Please respond to eldon	Reply to eldon
Please comment,	Review Alberta PPA presentation
If you are within 12 months of graduating and haven't already sent me an email, please reply letting me know you are eligible and interested in participating in registering for the fall 01 - spring 02 OCR program.?	Reply to SENDER about OCR program
Please talk to Tracy and see if we need to update the credit terms and then send the latest SDG&E EEI Redline to Sharon Firooz, Tony Molnar and Jim Walsh at SDG&E.	Contact Tracy about updaing credit terms
Please confirm whether this will work for you or propose an alternate day/time so I can make arrangements for a meeting room.	Confirm whether meeting at Tuesday at 10:00am will work
Hyatt from 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. Please RSVP before Wednesday, August 30	RSVP
Could you run a NX1 / NX3 report for our book.	Run a a NX1 / NX3 report
Please send me any agenda items you'd like to cover in the next meeting by Monday, Oct. 2.	Send agenda items to SENDER
Give me a call in January on this.	Call SENDER in January about this
Please send me a copy of this document by e-mail or telefax once you have sent it out.	Send copy of this document to SENDER
